-> Windows 10 IoT is a member of the Windows 10 family that brings enterprise-class power, security and manageability to the Internet of Things.

-> Hardware Guide:
For getting started with windows 10 IOT, you will require the following hardware
1.	Raspberry Pi 3
2.	16 GB Micro SD Card – class 10
3.	Display
4.	Keyboard
5.	Mouse
6.	Windows 10 PC
7.	Card Reader

1.	Download the Windows 10 IoT Core Dashboard from https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/iot/Downloads

2.	Once downloaded, open the Dashboard and click on set up a new device and insert a SD card into your computer

3.	Fill out all of the fields as indicated.

4.	Accept the software license terms and click Download and install. You'll see that Windows 10 IoT Core is now flashing onto your device.

5.	Connecting to a network (Wired connection) - If your device comes with an Ethernet port or USB Ethernet adapter support to enable a wired connection, attach an Ethernet cable to connect it to your network.

6.	Or alternatively connect via Wireless wifi card or dongle

7.	Connecting wireless Display - If you haven't connected and display and would like to connect via Wi-Fi, you'll need to:
	a.	Go to the IoT Dashboard and click on My Devices.
	b.	Find your unconfigured board from the list. Its name will begin with "AJ_"... (e.g., AJ_58EA6C68). If you don't see your board appear after a few minutes, try rebooting your board.
	c.	Click on Configure Device and enter your network credentials. This will connect your board to the network.
8.	Go to raspberry pi official website and download raspberry pi imager and download it.

9.	Install imager and select raspberry pi OS in operating system. 

10.	Next select your SD card/USB. 

11.	Click on WRITE this will write pi OS on SD card

12.	Insert SD card and press boot key if no OS is installed then pi will boot automatically click on next. 

13.	Select time zone and keyboard and click next

14.	Enter username pi and password pi and click on next

15.	Click on skip.

16.	Click on restart.  

17.	Pi will boot and start if installation starts again than remove boot SD card and restart pi. 
